with my recipes I'm going to show them
how to make the most of Cornell's famous
seafood
I'm meeting them at their regular pitch
at a farmers market in Truro where
Cornish produce is everywhere
normal and Louie usually split their
time between running the stall makin
curry and being parents so it's red
catch them together you know I found you
guys by following the smell of curry
because I couldn't find it I was like I
smelt it and I followed it so what have
we got what have we got well this is um
we let people try some of the sources
that we make fresh this is the Thai red
sauce we make this is a tikka sauce that
we make fresh and that's our Balti sauce
that we put we chicken lamb and beef or
the vegetable curry this is our
vegetable Balti we've got five fresh
vegetables local vegetables in there I
enjoy them or eat them regularly and we
are calm is really luxurious and our
customers children's they really enjoy
very nice has that it's delicious thank
you it's fantastic that you guys are now
putting fish on the menu yes during the
middle of Cornwall and what better place
to be that's the ideal step that's the
next step we're looking to do now how
for you give us some guidance
I'm impressed with their curries but
want to show them one of mine but quick
and easy shellfish taster stir-fried
spicy Cornish mussels cleaned and
checked of course with a coconut and
tomato masala
this dish is from Maharashtra which is
sort of the southwestern coast of India
wait where Bombay is Mondays in
Maharashtra and it's just really simple
flavors onion garlic ginger tomatoes and
a little bit of garam masala and that's
the only real spice and just the whole
thing's what - like with coconut smells
good so we've got these fantastic
mussels I'm going to add them straight
to the masala otherwise you know steamed
them put them in later I want a double
limb muscles cook in minutes and they
even let you know when they're ready the
shells pop open to embrace all those
delicious juices soon as that mussels
open for me they're cooked if they don't
open then don't eat them as they've
definitely gone off I mean it's so quick
and all we need to add now is some
coconuts and coriander and we're done
actually I'm adding a good dusting of
desiccated coconut and some fresh
chopped coriander
I am partnering up my muscles with some
local Cornish bred time to dish up come
on guys dig in I'm going in with the
bread it's not lovely what do you think
the locals going for it totally gives so
many fragrances there isn't it lovely
it's don't all the delicate flavors of
the muscle yeah I'll have that lovely
sauce around it yeah it's very delicious
and as you say it's really quickly and
simple today it's just so easy wonderful
everything comes out nothing thank you